Add missing steps for disabling TFTP and DNS (#3509)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_disabling-dns-dhcp-tftp-for-unmanaged-networks.adoc

Reviewer: Line 5 in this file is technically still true since it doesn't remove them, but by masking tftp you do stop it from functioning like it used to so it doesn't feel quite correct anymore.

Additionally, there's also the old line 26:
> . Optional: If you use a DHCP service supplied by a third party, configure your DHCP server to pass the following options:

That procedure step is invalidated if you mask the TFTP service.

Author: I've removed the masking steps, does it LGTY now? Anything missing?

= Disabling DNS, DHCP, and TFTP for unmanaged networks

If you want to manage TFTP, DHCP, and DNS services manually, you must prevent {Project} from maintaining these services on the operating system and disable orchestration to avoid DHCP and DNS validation errors.

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

[IMPORTANT]
```

====

> Disabling these proxy features means {Project} will no longer orchestrate DNS, DHCP, and TFTP, but it does not stop or remove the corresponding services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disabling these {SmartProxy} features means {Project} will no longer orchestrate DNS, DHCP, and TFTP, but it does not stop or remove the corresponding services.
```

= Disabling DNS, DHCP, and TFTP for unmanaged networks

If you want to manage TFTP, DHCP, and DNS services manually, you must prevent {Project} from maintaining these services on the operating system and disable orchestration to avoid DHCP and DNS validation errors.

> +

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Disabling these proxy features means {Project} will no longer orchestrate DNS, DHCP, and TFTP, but it does stop or remove the corresponding services.

Reviewer 3: I find the wording confusing. Can you please tell me what this means? Do you mean Proxy Server or network proxy?

Author: There was a "not" missing -- fixed, this should be clear now.

====

.Procedure

> . On {ProjectServer}, enter the following command to disable the Foreman Proxy features for DHCP, DNS, and TFTP:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Disable DHCP, DNS, and TFTP integration on your {ProjectServer}:
```

suggestion (non-blocking): Reword to avoid "enter the following command" and "Foreman Proxy".

Alternative to "integration": "Disable the X features on"

If you want to manage TFTP, DHCP, and DNS services manually, you must prevent {Project} from maintaining these services on the operating system and disable orchestration to avoid DHCP and DNS validation errors.

> However, {Project} does not remove the back-end services on the operating system.

Reviewer: The note below makes this redundant, right?

--foreman-proxy-tftp false
----

. Stop and mask the TFTP and DNS services (FIXME Please confirm that DNS needs to be stopped and masked too):
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # systemctl mask --now tftp.service tftp.socket systemd-resolved.service

Reviewer: Why mask `systemd-resolved`? That looks really invasive because it's a service we never mention in our documentation or code.

Perhaps you're confusing it with the DNS service `named`?

There is also the `dhcpd` service for DHCP that you don't mention.

----

> . Optional: On RHEL7 hosts, disable the eXtended Internet Services Daemon (xinetd) and delete the `xinetd` package:

Reviewer 2: This procedure is about the Foreman/Katello platform which does not run on EL7/8 anymore. If you absolutely _need_ these lines, then please create a follow-up PR that only targets the relevant X.Y branches.

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl mask --now xinetd && yum remove xinetd
----

> . For every subnet where the Capsule is set as a TFTP proxy, disable the proxies:

Reviewer 2: branding :)

--foreman-proxy-tftp false
----

> . For every subnet where the {SmartProxy} is set as a DHCP, DNS, or TFTP proxy, disable the proxies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Disable the {SmartProxy} integration for every subnet:
```

just a suggestion; mostly because I would like to avoid the word "proxies". The features are also listed in line 26.

.. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Subnets*.
.. Select a subnet.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

--foreman-proxy-tftp false
----

> . For every subnet where the {SmartProxy} is set as a TFTP proxy, disable the proxies:

Author: I've found the "DHCP proxy" usage, and no evidence for DNS and TFTP one way or another.

> .. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Subnets* and select a subnet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Subnets*.
.. Select a subnet.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): We generally split "navigate to X > Y" and "select Z" into two lines.

> .. Click the *{SmartProxies}* tab and clear the *DHCP {SmartProxy}*, *TFTP {SmartProxy}*, and *Reverse DNS {SmartProxy}* fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. On the *{SmartProxies}* tab, clear the *DHCP {SmartProxy}*, *TFTP {SmartProxy}*, and *Reverse DNS {SmartProxy}* fields.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): "On the X tab, click Y" is more common throughout the docs.

Note: I also checked the order. :+1:
